docs: Modified MANUAL.md file (#2575)
intel/cve-bin-tool: doc/MANUAL.md

>Note : It is recommended to use this method as  NVD's current rate limiting scheme may block the users entirely if they aren't using an API key.

There are 2 ways to save the NVD API KEY -

On LINUX -

> Set the NVD_API_KEY as an environment variable (on linux: export NVD_API_KEY=your-key-here, this statement can be added to your shell file which contains environment variables (Ex: .bashrc, .zshrc)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the NVD_API_KEY as an environment variable (on linux: `export NVD_API_KEY=your-key-here`, this statement can be added to your shell file which contains environment variables (Ex: .bashrc, .zshrc)).
```

On WINDOWS -
a) On the Windows taskbar, right-click the Windows icon and select System.

b) In the Settings window, under Related Settings, click Advanced system settings.

c) On the Advanced tab, click Environment Variables.

d) Click New to create a new environment variable.

e) Set Variable Name: NVD_API_KEY & Value:your-key-here.

Using Tool -

> You can also specify NVD_API_KEY in the config file using -C switch. Under section (https://github.com/intel/cve-bin-tool/blob/main/doc/MANUAL.md#-c-config---config-config) check yaml and toml config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify NVD_API_KEY in the config file using -C switch.  [Documentation on the config file can be found here](https://github.com/intel/cve-bin-tool/blob/main/doc/MANUAL.md#-c-config---config-config): check the yaml and toml config file.
```
